List of features and descriptions of exstimated complexity and time required to complete:

1. 3D air hockey table in browser

	babylonJS used to create 3D renders of puck and air hockey strikers. The estimated
	time required to complete this task is about 1 day.

2. Implement physics engine

	Implementing the physics engine allows for the 3D renders to interact with each other.
	strikers will be table to move around play area, collide with walls and hit the puck.
	Time required to complete this task is about 1 day.

3. Create simple AI

	Creating the AI gives the player something to play against, essentially making
	the project a real game. AI simply follows the puck's location and hits it towards
	the player when it can. Estimated time to complete this feature is about 3 hours.

4. Track player input

	Read input from the keyboard, move the player's striker accordingly. Time needed
	to complete this task is about 2 hours.

5. Create start menu and pause menu

	Start menu that welcomes user, displays the leaderboard, and controls the start
	of each game, with team selection. Pause menu is displayed when game is paused,
	shows controls, allows player to exit game. Time needed to complete this portion
	is only about 3 hours.

6. Implement HUD

	The Heads Up Display (HUD) displays information during the actual game. This
	information includes the remaining time and current score. Time needed to complete
	this is about 2 hours.

7. Add textures to each surface

	These textures give each rendered object their color. This transforms the game from
	simple gray squares and disks to a virtual air hockey. Time required to add textures
	for each shape is about 3 days.

8. Construct MySQL database

	This database keeps track of how many wins each color has. This information is
	displayed to the user at the start menu. Time needed to complete this feature is
	about 1 day.

9. Include end game screen

	Simple screen displayed when the game timer has expired. Tells the user if they
	have won or lost. Time needed to add this is only about 1 hour.

10. Implement sound

	To truly emulate the air hockey experience, the iconic sounds should be added.
	Puck sounds will be played whenever the puck enters a goal, or hits a wall or 
	striker. Time needed to complete this feature is about 4 days.

11. Implement multiplayer

	As a finishing touch, the player will have the option to either play against the
	AI, or their friends, in real time. Online sessions will be created that allow
	users to play against their friends. Time needed to research, design, and
	implement this feature is about 10 days.

12. Add air physics

	Adding a slight upward force below the puck would allow for smoother travel.
	Furthermore, this would create the illusion that the game is being played on
	a real air hockey table. The time needed to implement this feature is only
	about 1 hour.
